title: this is a test
start: 2014-03-22 21:00
end: 2014-04-02 00:00

**(Sat, March 22nd – Dublin)** This is just a test.

<h1>Goliad</h1>
<p> Whatya building? Uhm, its just a little stick fort. Oh, rad! Look. Its just my size. Hey, get away from my fort, you big stinky monster! I like it when you get small, Jake. Yeah, me too. Whoa, whoa!</p>
<p> Whoa, Peppermint butler! Finn, Jake. The Princess wants to see you. As princess of Candy Kingdom, Im in charge of a lot of candy people. They rely on me. I cant imagine what might happen to them if I was gone. And after my brush with death, at the hands of the Lich, I realized something. Im not gonna live forever Finn. I would if I could.</p>
<ol>
<li>Yea! Yeah!</li>
<li>Teachers!</li>
<li>Yeah, woo-hoo!</li>
<li>Teach, teaching teachers.</li>
</ol>
<h2>But modern science just isnt there yet.</h2>
<p>So I engineered a replacement who can live forever. I call her Goliad. Aww shes cute. Hi, Goliad. Im Finn. And Im Jake. Hi, Finn. Hi, Jake. Hi, Goliad. Hi, Finn. What did you use to make her? Oh, uhm...</p>
<h3>Pretty standard candy creature soup.</h3>
<p>Some acids. Some algebra. And I threw in one of my baby teeth so she had my DNA.</p>
<h4>Wow, DNA?!</h4>
<p>Yeah. All it takes is just one little tooth, or, a single hair. Its all it takes. Princess Bubblegum, are you okay? Yeah, Im good. Havent slept for a solid 83 hours, but... yeah, Im good.</p>
<p>Aw, you should go to bed. I cant go to bed, Goliad has huge, mondo mama brains. I still need to fill them with knowledge... about how to rule a kingdom. What? Let us teach her. Uhh, okay. I guess that will be alright.</p>
<ul>
<li>Woow, woow, woow!</li>
<li>Cmon, Goliad.</li>
<li>See ya later, Princess!</li>
<li>Get some sleep!</li>
<li>Huh? Whu...? Bye guys...</li>
</ul>


## Contact:
### ANDREA MAGNORSKY
<span class="glyphicon glyphicon-phone-alt"></span> +353 ... .......] | <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-envelope"></span> pr@gamecraft.it